chore: adding 12.0.1 change log (#4905)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/_changelogs/12.0.1.md

## 12.0.1

_Released 12/06/2022_

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a regression in [11.2.0](#11-2-0) where a stale spec search pattern was
  shown in the spec search bar after re-launching Cypress. Fixes
  [#24936](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24936)
- Fixed a regression in [12.0.0](#12-0-0) where tests scaffolded into new
  projects were using a removed api. Fixed in
  [#25006](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/25006)

> - Fixed regression in [12.0.0](#12-0-0) where setting e2e.testIsolation=false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression in [12.0.0](#12-0-0) where setting `e2e.testIsolation=false`
```

## 12.0.1

_Released 12/06/2022_

**Bugfixes:**

- The spec search term will no longer become stale in the UI. Fixes
  [#24936](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24936)

> - Fixed issue where tests using a removed api were scaffolded into new projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression in 12.0.0 where tests scaffolded into new projects were using a removed api.
```

And link to PR.
